Add playerctl v2 backends (#142)
BlingCorp/bling: docs/signals/pctl.md

### Usage

> To enable: `playerctl = bling.signal.playerctl.lib/cli()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To connect to bling's `playerctl` module: `playerctl = bling.signal.playerctl.lib()` or `playerctl = bling.signal.playerctl.cli()`

Throughout the documentation, we will refer to both the lib and the cli as `bling.signal.playerctl.lib/cli()`.
```
